.TH xFarDic-Multilingual-Dictionary 1 "January 25 2007" "Release: 0.8.4"
.SH NAME
    xfardic - xFarDic Multilingual Dictionary 
.SH DESCRIPTION

.B What's xFarDic

.BxFarDic
is a multilingual dictionary software developed using\fB wxWidgets\fR, \fBGTK2\fR and \fBlibxml2\fR for GNU/Linux, KDE/GNOME/XFce4 environments. Generic and electeronic English-Persian (Farsi) and GNU/Linux English-English word databases are available. xFarDic's word database format is plain XML format. xFarDic is free software released under the GNU/GPL. 

.SH HOME PAGE
Visit \fBxFarDic\fR  projects's homepage at: \fIhttp://www.xfardic.org\fR. For more technichal information you can visit xFarDic's Sourceforge.net page at: \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/projects/xfardic\fR.

.SH USER'S GUIDE
xFarDic User's Guide can help you to install use and tweak your xFarDic much more easier. Read it on: \fIhttp://xfardic.org/html/index.php?module=htmlpages&func=display&pid=1\fR
 
.SH LATEST NEWS
You can get latest news about \fBxFarDic\fR from project's homepage at: \fIhttp://www.xfardic.org\fR. If you need rss feed of Parsix GNU/Linux's news page use: \fIhttp://www.xfardic.org/html/backend.php\fR.

.Sh IRC Channel
Join to xFarDic's IRC channel at \fIirc.freenode.net/#technotux\fR. You can use any IRC client program such as xChat to use IRC service.

.SH COPYRIGHT
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any later version published by Free Software Foundation; A copy of the licence is available at \fIhttp://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html\fR.

\fBxFarDic\fR is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version. xFarDic is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.  

.SH NOTE
\fBxFarDic\fR is packaged without any databases. You can get required DBs from \fIhttp://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=103427&package_id=165900\fR. Without database, xFarDic *will not* work.

.SH FILES
 
.TP
.I  /usr/share/xfardic/locales or /usr/local/share/xfardic/locales
Locale files for xFarDic Multilingual Dictionary
.P
.TP
.I /usr/share/xfardic/pixmaps or /usr/local/share/xfardic/pixmaps
Pixmaps for xFarDic Multilingual Dictionary
.P
.TP
.I /usr/bin/xfardic or /usr/local/bin/xfardic
xFarDic binary fie
.P 
.TP
.I  ~/.xfardic 
xFarDic user configuration and settings, which is an ASCII file.

.SH REPORTING BUGS
Help us to make xFarDic better. To report bugs and feature requests, send email to: \fIalan@technotux.org\fR      
		 		
.SH AUTHORS
Alan Baghumian <a\fIlan@technotux.org\fR> and Armen Baghumian <\fIarmen@opensourceclub.org\fR>
.PP
This Manual page is written by Navid Abdi <\fInavid@gnuiran.org\fR>. 
